that tightened greatness is back after a
few weeks of decent episodes we get back
to a great episode with attack on Titan
episode 13 before I jump into the review
just want to remind you people next week
it'll be a recap episode so you won't
get a review for me if the new opening
premieres next week then maybe I'll talk
about the opening instead but uh pretty
much next week is going to be a recap so
no review just letting you know now this
episode though between all the action
between the final finally advancing out
of this particular part humanity getting
its first victory definitely this was a
great episode great episode now the
thing that I've been complaining
slightly about was that I felt as though
Mikasa was just constantly the only one
slaughtering the Titans and then this
episode finally threw something else in
there Ravalli going in like a boss and
he's like hey you young brats what's
going on I was just like Ravalli for the
win respect like right now him and
Pixies is like the two dudes and I like
yo you gotta show them respect this
episode at the end where Aaron is
imprisoned stuff and he just keeps on
like with that vengeful face he truly
reminds me I don't care what anyone says
he truly reminds me and it's the Shogun
aspect like he is the big shown aspect
of the series because he really reminds
me of Sasuke without all the
complications and all the confusion
everything he really is like just
straight-up revenge revenge revenge
revenge and you totally see that in
episodes like this and that's where the
series gets it's shown in aspects
because if some of you don't know this
is a shown in surrey this is not a saint
in this is more gone shown in or
whatever but that's where the shortened
aspects come from the actual character
themselves because the story is very
dark the the aspects outside of it where
the you know Titans are eating people
which we get a lot of that that's the
like darker side but it's the characters
that make it shown and in this episode
again it just is displayed that he is
very much like Sasuke is is all about
revenge for him and wanting to kill the
Titans and I really like that because he
shows that that is his main motive and
passion maybe we would like to see a
little bit more you know a little bit
more sides and I feel as though that
just would come with time and
development of his character I would
love to see you know what is his idea on
the whole Micasa caring about him what
does he think about other things besides
revenge but just seeing a full example
of how much he is passionate about his
goal is just inspiring over all at same
time you look at humanity is like yo
fuck humanity in a way for what they're
doing like new just saved everyone just
helped humanity receive his first
victory against the Titans and he wakes
up to being and changing an underground
jail cell that's fucked up lucky yeah
why would you do that man so I was just
a little annoyed by that not you know
that's just story wise boys like you
know my entertainment value of it it's
like come on but overall just fucking
incredible episode uh you know between
the console slicing shit up Ravalli the
whole thing with John gene how do you
want to pronounce it that should really
caught my eye because it shows also that
he needs to be developed as a character
as well when he saw Marco stuff which
r.i.p Marco and the art on this episode
that let me just quickly clear this
animation fucking perfect perfect
animation no slip-ups in this episode
clear-cut beautiful some of the scenes
especially always when they use in 3d
gear they always go all out with that
but the detail and Marco's deaf scene
where you see Marco just they're freakin
fantastic better than the freakin manga
by far the the art style not the
animation the actual art it was really
freaking detail and going back to John
Jean it really just shows that like he
needs to get more accustomed to this is
what it is
and at the same time he blames himself
you could clearly see he's blaming
himself for what happened and it's
understandable that he will blame
himself because you know Marco did jump
in because he was trying to help out
John and it really just gives you this
cold feeling episode like this give you
this cold feeling that not everyone is
going to be a hero and that's what also
gives it a less of a shounen like you
know aspect to it it's like and every
soda is like you know if somebody dies
you they're gonna get their moment in
the spotlight
Marco died and nobody even knew how he
died just you know a Titan got him they
don't know where nobody's seen it and it
just gives you that harsh reality and
that's where the tak Italian ultimately
always delivers anyways as harsh reality
people aren't always the brave warriors
people aren't always getting that
spotlight before they die
and Marcos death was a perfect example
of attack on Titan and what it stands
for
as far as the content that it delivers
and the feeling that it delivers of this
hopeless situation but this episode also
delivered that humanity ain't completely
down and out and they finally got their
victory yes they had to resort to
getting will not resort to a kind of
fell in their lap but they had to get a
Titan to help them with Aaron but
nonetheless they got their first victory
what's just freaking awesome and if it
wasn't for people like pixies and
Ravalli they wouldn't have got that
victory because they helped out
immensely overall episode four and a
half out of five a couple of small
things about the episode that weren't
like you know pluses to it was carrying
the rock scene did seem like it took a
little bit long not too long so I was
one of the little nitpicks about the
episode again these are very small
nitpicks very small ones also it's just
overall the grand scheme of things that
really just was him plugging a rock so
small nitpicks honestly but overall
amazing episode braid episode four and a
half out of five still amazing rating
and it really just showed one it was a
stamp of once again Aaron is an Avenger
and he just wants revenge and he don't
give a fuck what it is he's in a jail
cell after waking up from a coma and
he's like revenge revenge revenge which
we need development but that also shows
his commitment and another thing it
delivered Mikasa and Ravana kicking ass
because even throughout the episode I
was like is it really just gonna be
Natasa again only I love Mikasa she's a
fucking boss but I want other people and
then we fought like make some look like
yo let me show you how it's done
so you also get extra characters kicking
ass finally and just overall Humanity
getting its first victory that's
freaking awesome definitely great
episode let me know what you thought of
it first of all what did you think as
far as how humanity won do you think
that this was a solid victory for
Humanity or fellows are they kind of
like in a way how to cheat because they
got the whole thing with Aaron being a
you know Titan partially or whatever and
also what do you think about Jean and
Marcos death do you feel as though it's
merkel's of genes fault that Marco died
at the other day it's a battlefield
there was a couple dudes that threw
themselves to save other people and died
it is what it is people know what
they're signing up for Jean should
really move on from this learn from this
and keep it moving and become stronger
because
Marco died
so that he can survive and be a great
leader because Marco believed in him and
that's freaking awesome but that's a
Lapidus review thanks for watching hope
you enjoyed thumbs up for this awesome
episode of attack on Titan because we
haven't had great ones in past couple
weeks but this was a great episode great
one for that world and as always people
have an awesome day